(explosion)
Are you ready?
It's GOH's official
channel, Big Bang!
Prepare for a straight
shot to the heart!
I'm your classy
nurse lady, Heal!
And I'm your sexy
bomber nurse, Sai!
This is the moment you 7.3
billion God of High School fans
in 196 countries have
been waiting for!
The Seoul preliminaries are
quickly reaching their climax!
We're down to the top four!
[Heal] The successor to
the Moon Light Sword Style,
Mira Yoo!
[Sai] Top karate
practitioner, Daewi Han!
[Heal] Renewal Taekwondo
user with all the best moves,
Mori Jin!
[Sai] Master of Brazilian
jiujitsu, Jaehee Byeon!
[Heal] This weekend's
battle between
Daewi Han and Mira Yoo
is gonna be unreal!
You'd better not miss it!
Sorry to break it to you,
but I'm gonna win this.
Not your fault.
Moon Light Sword Style's
just that powerful.
Please, be gentle with me.
I'll win mine, too.
So, see ya in the finals!
Oh, wait.
I can only fight
the winner, right?
Awwww, damn it!
Well then both of you better
win your match, you hear me?
There she is.
(car revving)
Excuse me.
Sorry to bother you,
but I just realized my life's
purpose was to meet you.
[All] Huh?
My love, I'm asking,
for your hand in marriage!
Huh?
[All] What?
("Contradiction" by KSUKE)
♪ You make it look easy ♪
♪ I'm thinking hard right now ♪
♪ Cause, I know
that you want me ♪
♪ From the inside out ♪
♪ You got me speechless ♪
♪ Opening my mouth ♪
♪ I was keeping it secret ♪
♪ But the word got out ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you call, then you fold ♪
♪ You're luring me out now ♪
♪ Till the walls come down ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
♪ Contradiction ♪
♪ You're fast,
then you're slow ♪
♪ Why you cold, then
you're forward ♪
♪ You're fast, then
you're slow, slow ♪
♪ Yes, then you're no ♪
♪ But I'm not letting go ♪
♪ I'll be your contradiction ♪
Important question.
What kinda dress
are you gonna get?
I dunno.
White, I guess?
Aww.
Get pink!
Pink's super cute, see?
Who's invited to the reception?
It won't be a fancy event.
I'm still in school.
We're just having a ceremony.
And what about the honeymoon?
Well I, uh...
It's like a dream!
You're crazy lucky.
I can't believe you're
marrying the Seongjin!
The strongest, most gorgeous
martial artist there is.
The businessman who's
the handsome face
of this country's sports
entertainment scene!
(sigh)
And bam!
Just like that, he fell in
love with you at first sight!
Miss Mira Yoo, I ask you once
again to accept my proposal.
You are a true
diamond in the rough.
So strong, and beautiful.
Possessing infinite potential.
I can think of no one else
better suited to be my partner.
Oh, come on.
I'm just an ordinary schoolgirl.
No problem!
I've been studying the
Moon Light Sword Style
in order to learn
more about you.
It's so marvelous!
Why has such a
fantastic sword style
been buried in
obscurity all this time?
I won't let it remain
buried any longer!
I can give you and
the Moon Light Sword
the shine you so deserve!
I can do this.
I'll help you take
hold of your future.
You and me.
Let's take flight
into the world!
Look, look!
This one's incredible!
[Mira] Take hold of the future.
That's what he gets for clinging
to an antiquated sword style.
The Moon Light Sword
Style is done for.
[Guy] Especially with only
a little girl to inherit it.
Mira.
You're gonna live
with me from now on.
I'll protect my brother's
Moon Light Sword.
I promise you.
(cooing)
From now on, I'll
be your teacher.
[Students] Thank you, teacher!
Ah!
[Student] Me next!
(heavy breathing)
Jeez, he's super weak.
He stinks.
-He's useless.
-Ahh!
[Student] He's nothing
like our other teacher.
(dejected sigh)
I'm the one who has to secure
the Moon Light Sword's future.
After all, I'm its successor.
Why would an accomplished man
like you want to marry Mira?
I mean, she's
still just a child.
I sense something
shining in her.
An authentic one-of-a-kind
potential for purity.
Yes.
She's my diamond in the rough.
So's the Moon Light Sword.
I've actually already
come up with a plan
to shine a spotlight on it
and transform it into the
preeminent sword style
around the globe.
Within five years,
it'll have as many practitioners
as karate and judo.
It could even be
an Olympic event!
If you'll let me,
I can manifest the dream
that you and your
brother never could.
(surprised)
I promise you sir, I'll
make Mira very happy.
In fact, I swear I'll
make you all happy.
Do I want the double
bulgogi burger?
Oh man, the dak galbi
special sounds amazing, too.
(nervous laughter)
I legit dream about the
sauce on the double bulgogi,
but the spiciness of the
dak galbi's irresistible.
What to do?
[Teen Girl 1 ] Seriously,
I can't believe Seongjin's
getting married!
[Teen Girl 2] And
he's marrying a girl
who's in highschool,
just like us!
That's so wrong!
[Teen Girl 1] That
girl from GOH, Mira Yoo?
Lemme see!
These rumors about you
getting married, they true?
Where's this coming from?
Also, just how'd you
figure out where I lived?
Asked HQ.
What?
But what about the tournament?
It's almost time
for the semifinals!
Don't you wanna go
to the national level
and have a stab at fighting
the best of the best?
What I want's none
of your business!
Is this guy more important
to you than all of that?
Are you throwing away the
Moon Light Sword Style?
I never said I was doing that!
Didn't you tell the
administrators
you were dropping out,
to go get married?
Then you are throwing it away!
I'm getting married to
save the Moon Light Sword!
What? That makes no sense!
You're not marrying him because
you actually love the guy?
That's none of
your business, too.
Get out of here!
(sigh)
[Sumi] Mira.
Hm?
Who was that?
Oh, he's no one.
Everything's fine.
-Wait up!
-Come on!
I'm on a delivery right now.
Can it wait?
But Mira's in trouble!
That's the only reason she'd
suddenly getting married!
I know it!
My noodles will get soggy.
[Mori Jin] Whatever.
I'll eat 'em for you.
Listen, man.
Just stop butting into
other people's business.
[Mori Jin] Maybe
Mira's being tricked.
Huh?
Maybe he's gonna sell her
off to some foreign country!
Or maybe this guys
got a bunch of girls
locked up in his basement,
and he has all kinds of creepy
torture devices down there.
You saw that in a movie.
[Mori Jin] Grandpa
said everyone on TV's
into weird shit
behind the scenes!
That's just rude.
Look.
Mira didn't look happy about it.
Not at all.
It's just wrong.
Something about her lately.
It just doesn't
feel right you know?
She seems different
than she used to.
Even if you're right,
we're outsiders, and we
have no right to butt in.
It's Mira's life.
Mira's choices.
(hangs phone)
(upbeat instrumental music)
(dreamy sigh)
Hair and makeup.
Jewelry.
The husband of your dreams.
Check, girl!
I guess now you have
everything you wanted!
You could at least go have fun
on your days off, you know.
Yeah, I will.
Right after I finish this.
(girls giggling)
Let's go check
out that new shop.
[Girl] I'm in!
I need some new clothes!
(giggles)
So, do you want me to go buy you
some clothes like
that sometime, Mira?
I don't need that.
It's not my thing.
Thanks, Sumi.
It's almost time, so you
should get ready, too.
[Sumi] Okay!
(murmured conversation)
I'm so sorry but,
I have to ask you to
call off this wedding.
Please.
She thinks she made this
decision for herself,
as an adult.
At first I tried to stand by,
wanting to respect
her decision but I...
She can't consent to
this, she is just a child!
Don't worry, Uncle.
[Uncle Deukchun] Mira.
Honestly, I'm happy.
My dream's gonna come true.
Your name and your power
can change the future.
They can save the
Moon Light Sword.
That's why I'm choosing you.
Please, use me as
blatantly as you wish.
We both know that's the one
way to become a real winner.
So the Moon Light Sword Style
will become known
throughout the world?
Why, of course!
I'll deliver every dream
you've ever given up on,
and then some.
Take hold of the world, Mira.
Yes.
(surprised)
Mira.
This just isn't right.
I was so stupid.
All of it just
went over my head.
After we've lived
together all this time.
I'm so sorry.
I knew there was some
weird-ass shit going on.
(surprised)
Now I get it.
So that's why Mira's doing it.
Honestly, at the end of the day
I only want Mira to
be happy, you know?
Yeah, kid.
I feel you there.
(surprised)
No one is authorized to
pass beyond this point
without an official invitation.
(chuckle)
Oh, I'm Mira's friend.
I just gotta talk to her
real quick, so I'll...
No one's authorized
beyond this point
without an official invitation.
Okay, fine.
My friend's in trouble!
Move outta my way!
If you refuse to leave the
area of your own accord,
you will be removed
by physical force.
(melodious instrumental music)
You must obtain
the holy sword that
can rule God himself.
As well as the one hand that
can draw out that power.
The holy sword that
can rule God himself.
And the hand that can
draw out that power.
Hm.
Damn it!
I can't use my
taekwondo on these guys!
Look out, sir!
(surprised)
What are you doing?
I'm so glad you came!
And who the hell are you?
Ugh!
Barely a push.
I need some help here!
(surprised reactions)
Yo, what the heck
are you doing, Mira?
No offense, but that
dress isn't your style.
What are you all doing here?
I don't appreciate
you interrupting mine
and Mira's special day.
Security will be here any mom...
I'm guessing, you two did that?
We barely pushed 'em.
Ah, no!
Those security guards
are just useless.
They couldn't even swat
away these annoying flies?
Shut it, jerkwad!
We know you're trying to
pull one over on Mira!
Stop buzzing in my
ears, little flies.
It appears, I'll have
to swat you away myself.
Ha!
(surprised)
All you.
Thanks, man.
I don't remember sending
you guys an invitation.
Do you seriously wanna
get married, Mira?
C'mon!
Why now?
You've come so far
in the tournament
and I know you were looking
forward to the rest of it,
like fighting Daewi
in the semifinals!
None of this is your business.
BS! I don't buy it!
Is this what you wanted to do?
Does the Moon Light
Sword and its legacy
mean so little to you!
[Female Classmate] You
know that new nail salon?
A dream means nothing,
if you don't reach out and grab
it with your own two hands!
Please go out with me!
Only a strong man can
inherit the Moon Light Sword.
(surprised)
(heavy breathing)
You've worked so hard
to come this far!
You'd throw all that away?
You don't know what I want!
Would you look at that.
You are strong.
If you're this strong, the
Moon Light Sword must be--
You need to shut up!
You don't understand anything!
(gasp)
You can stop this now, Mira.
I know my brother would never
have wanted this for you.
My Dad's right!
I want you to find happiness
but I want it to be with
someone you truly love.
But I, I have to.
Hey, it's really not that hard!
Look, just do what you want.
(amazed)
Developing your technique means
your life's always
in your own hands.
That is our sword style.
Don't forget.
I can't go through
with this marriage.
I'm sorry.
I...
I will protect the Moon Light
Sword, in whatever way I can.
(laughs)
(hysterical laughter)
Stop fooling yourself,
you stupid little girl!
All I want is to possess
the Moon Light Sword
and its successor!
This power.
What's happening?
What is that thing?
Get out of here!
(people screaming)
(coughing)
Ah!
Moon Light Sword
Style, Number Six:
Monkey Arm!
Mm-hmm.
(laughs)
Huh.
Well, that escalated quickly.
That it did.
Hey uh, you guys?
I want to um, well, uh, I
just, what I want to say.
What the hell?
We saved your ass.
Why is it so hard to
simply say thanks?
No one asked you to come here.
You were being nosy!
(car horn honking)
I'll be taking this as a
lovely wedding present!
Bye!
Oh, that bastard!
It's fine.
He can have it.
I realized my dad's
spirit lives on within me.
Look at Mira.
She's finally smiling.
[Uncle Deukchun] Yeah.
-(joyful laugh)
-(annoyed)
[Doctor] Get the AED in here!
Right!
[Doctor] We need adrenaline
and a blood draw, stat!
[Staff] Hurry up with that AED!
Doctor, should I get the
hANP, too, just in case?
[Doctor] Yes, please!
Still no pulse!
Try it again!
The X-ray machine's here!
[Doctor] Have them
wait a minute!
[Daewi Han] Wake up, damn it.
What's this now?
All this working's sure
got you up awfully late.
Putting in the hours
for your sick buddy?
Your friendship's
so heartwarming,
it makes me wanna just
break right down and cry.
[Punk] Sucks for you.
The only buddy he's gonna
be meeting any time soon
is his maker.
(stunned reactions)
(mellow instrumental music)
Oh, shit, I overslept!
I bet it's already started!
Mira, Daewi!
Both of you better win!
Is it me or does
that look real bad?
(gasp in pain)
Stop!
That's a knockout!
See you in the finals.
("WIN" by CIX)
♪ When we're together
we're stronger ♪
♪ Let's go all up high
let's go discover ♪
♪ Cause we know we
are going to make it ♪
♪ Just believe we
can do this really ♪
♪ We're not alone
or even owned ♪
♪ So now we must
seize this moment ♪
♪ Never hide or never lose ♪
♪ Every time we're
right on target ♪
♪ So let's just keep going ♪
♪ Cause we're gonna
keep on winning ♪
♪ Sharing dreams you and me ♪
♪ All the hopes that
we've been waiting ♪
♪ If you reach out
I'll be there for you ♪
♪ There's nothing I
would not do for you ♪
♪ When troubles are coming ♪
♪ We'll fight them all
together not alone ♪
♪ All we do is just WIN ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ Cause we know that we'll WIN ♪
♪ We lift us up high we
help each other to win it ♪
♪ All we do is just WIN ♪
♪ La la la la la la la la ♪
♪ Cause we know that we'll WIN ♪
Hey, guys.
Look here.
(camera clicks)
Thanks for coming
out here today.